---
# Meeting 1

Things to discuss:
- https://martinteoharov.github.io/pixpox-dev-docs/ is this format ok?
- Compute shaders or CPU computation to begin with
- How to research cellular automata


Deadline: Week 7 probably

---
# Meeting 2 

April sometime (surreylearn)


---
# Meeting 3

To ask:

- Sage HDR? Should I submit it somewhere or keep it?

Progress made on:
- Storage system
 - query API
 - multithreading
   - rwlocks
   - run() and update() philosophy
 - multi-threaded string interner (storing one copy of each distinct string)
- Handling input
 - struct to represent input (mouse pos, previous mouse pos, etc)
 - offloading input for components to interpret
- GUI
 - Simple GUI API with callbacks
- Performance measures and documentation
- A little bit of progress on the report / pixpox-dev-docs
- Conway


Currently working on:
- Simulating physics with cellular automata
 - fluids
 - fire
 - rust

Things to discuss:
- should I continue on the game dev / design pattern path or go more towards cellular automata
- details for the interim report





